fanquake,2017-11-07T06:54:37Z,"utACK cabff75\n\nIRC discussion - https://botbot.me/freenode/bitcoin-core-dev/2017-11-07/?msg=93216104&page=1",https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/11626#issuecomment-342392211,342392211,
promag,2017-11-07T10:41:40Z,utACK cabff75.,https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/11626#issuecomment-342443446,342443446,
achow101,2017-11-07T15:46:15Z,utACK cabff758808c84d2ada421dea6b98fb03407705e,https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/11626#issuecomment-342524493,342524493,
jnewbery,2017-11-07T16:05:42Z,"ACK cabff758808c84d2ada421dea6b98fb03407705e. I have no objection to making this unhidden.\n\nCould also be done as part of this PR, but not strictly necessary: the help text could be cleaned up. For example ""libevent logging is configured on startup and cannot be modified by this RPC during runtime."" is incorrect after https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/10150/commits/7fd50c3b70397c0dc39093",https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/11626#issuecomment-342531380,342531380,
TheBlueMatt,2017-11-07T16:16:29Z,Concept ACK,https://github.com/bitcoin/bitcoin/pull/11626#issuecomment-342534901,342534901,
